Good morning, I'm Michelle Jen and I'm
Jenny here in Hong Kong. You're watching
the China show. I'm Yvonne Man.
>> And I'm April Hong in Singapore. We're
counting down to the open of markets in
greater China. Our top stories, Asian
stocks fall as mounting inflation
concerns extend a global bond sell-off.
30-year Treasury steadying after yields
hit the highest since 2007.
Elevated energy costs fanning those
inflation worries with Brent crude
holding above $110
a barrel as President Trump threatens
new strikes on Iran within days. Also
ahead, energy projects in focus as
Russian President Vladimir Putin meets
today with Xi Jinping in Beijing.
>> And I'm Paul Allen in Adelaide where
energy producers are gathered to discuss
the industry's future as they navigate
disruptions from the Middle East
conflict. Stay with us for our exclusive
interview with Liz Westcott, Woodside
CEO and managing director.
>> Good morning. We are kicking off the
show today with some breaking news when
it comes to the LPR. So, the one-year as
well as the five-year loan prime rates
remain unchanged at 3 and 1/2% for the
five. One-year is at 3%. So, no
surprises here and but this is you know
on the backdrop of what we saw just a
few days ago. That data dump in April
was a pretty
soft one. So, you know, there are more
growing calls now from economists that
we might need to see more stimulus in
the pipeline to deal of course with some
of the impacts and fallout from this
whole Iran war, April. So, certainly one
thing to watch here. We're still
checking bond markets here as we count
down to of course the big one, Nvidia
earnings later on.
>> Yeah, you talk about the Iran war.
Trump's been talking about how Iran
really wants a deal. We've been seeing
Brent prices hovering near the 110
handle. Take a look at how markets are
faring as well because we've been really
focusing on the bond markets and it's
the uncertainty of the short and the
long end outcomes and how the standoff
in the Middle East is affecting all
this. We of course have been seeing the
30-year yield earlier hitting the
highest levels we've seen during 2007.
Um and there is a bit of steadying for
the moment. Of course, if you take a
look at the Fed pricing, markets are now
pricing fully a hike by the end of the
year at the time where Asia stocks are
tracking the losses on Wall Street. Chip
stocks were flat overnight, but it was a
kind of late session sort of rebound. We
are still looking at the Nikkei in
negative territory. I think this is the
first session of losses despite earnings
having delivered in Japan. You're also
seeing how emerging markets are really
bearing the brunt of these higher yields
and a resurgent greenback. As far as the
Japanese markets are concerned, don't
forget we have a 20-year auction for
JGBs later today. Katayama has been
talking about really, you know, stepping
in if needed on bold action on the weak
yen. Take a look as well how we're
setting up for China. What was
interesting yesterday was as Asia
markets came under a lot of pressure,
the Chinese stocks kind of stood out.
So, I think the haven narrative is
resurfacing somewhat. Today you're
seeing those futures pointing down
though. Dollar China is headed at the
682 handle against a backdrop of a
resurgent greenback. Yvonne?
>> Yep. All right, let's bring in our
markets reporter Anthony Stephens for
more of course on this bond route impact
on equities and the like. Um that this
bond sell-off we were talking about the
30-year yield in in the US now punching
well above 510 or I think closer to 520
levels here right now, you know, what
does it tell you about where where to go
next?
>> Well, bonds are supposed to be boring,
right? And that is not happening here.
So, that's caused a huge cut in
positions last night. So, there was a
little bit of positioning panic in
Treasuries last night. So, you saw $15
billion worth of block trades. That led
to Treasury volumes that are about three
times normal, right? So, it's not that
the yields are moving, it's that the
panic on the on the speed and the scale
of the moves that are starting to
concern fixed income investors. Treasury
volatility is up 20% in two days.
>> And there wasn't really a clear
catalyst, either, that led to this.
>> Not really, but it's the fact that this
situation is dragging out for so long,
right? So, the probability that the
Straits of Hormuz will be open by the
end of June and now are at the lowest
they've been since the conflict started.
So, it's at around 30%, even though a
chance of a peace deal with Iran is
still at around 70% in December. So,
this is pricing now to go on for quite a
long time. And more importantly than
that, policy action seems to be lagging,
right? The RBA stands out as the only
proactive major central bank that said
something about doing uh, you know,
getting in front of inflation, right?
Everybody else is kind of in a
wait-and-see mode, and you are seeing
that in the rates curve, right? There's
nothing priced in terms of action for
the next two Fed meetings. So, the bond
market is really concerned about when
policy makers will pivot on this topic.
>> Is there going to be a lid on yields
then, given all this uncertainty,
Anthony?
>> Yeah, I think it's interesting that
there's been quite a decent amount of
demand based on the kind of tenor and
the absolute yield rate, right? You're
seeing that all on in auctions that are
doing okay, even though today's 20-year
auction in Japan is kind of an unpopular
tenor. It's probably not going to do as
well, but there is demand at these high
interest rates, but you are starting to
see a bit of disconcerted price action,
right? You can't keep not doing anything
about inflation and expect bond buyers
to keep reloading.
>> What about the price action you're
seeing in Asia today? I mean, there's a
lot of vol, I think, in in South Korea.
>> Yeah, so intraday volatility has become
a much bigger thing as retail is doing
battle with global macro accounts,
right? So, you had Citadel Securities
put out a super interesting strategy
note on the 18th talking about how
elevated retail options volumes are
there. 2.8 times in May normal month,
and we have two more weeks left in May.
That's a record. That's 25% higher than
the previous record month. So, retail is
really all in, right? And they are
willing to buy every dip. That is
driving this intraday volatility. You
had Korea open up on the day, then
plunged to down three, and now we're
bound down two. That's going to go on
for quite a while until we get this
Nvidia earnings out of the way and we
get a clear picture.
>> Yeah, and speaking of Nvidia earnings,
are you you know, can they still
surprise given you know, quarters of
exceptional growth and yet it doesn't
really appease the markets still?
>> And and the surprise doesn't appease the
markets either, right? Even if they do
surprise, they've had a fade a kind of a
pattern of fading, right? Since they hit
that June bench June 2024 benchmark as
the world's most valuable company, the
overweight is so high that the bar to
materially move the needle there has has
keeps getting higher, right? And that's
something I want to kind of highlight uh
in terms of equity markets in general.
Momentum is a much bigger factor. So,
yesterday amidst the sell off of all
things, you saw India's IT sector up
three, right? So, the underweights now
could rally. And for China, that's
relevant because the KWEB is a very big
underweight.
>> Okay, Anthony, thank you. Anthony
Stevens there uh with what to watch out
for markets here today. Coming up on on
China show, we're speaking exclusively
with Hesai CEO after the company was
selected to become a LiDAR partner and
supplier for Mercedes-Benz. More with
David Lee coming up next. And we are
counting down to the open of trade in
Shanghai, Shenzhen, and Hong Kong.
Futures are pointing negative this
morning. We're down about half of 1%.
This is the China Show.
All right. We're taking a look at what
comes to futures here this morning. A
little bit on the back foot as we, of
course, look at all things considered
here. This bond sell-off that continues
when you have, you know, the long end of
the Treasury curve at the highest level
since 2007. Certainly, that does send
some worries across the equity space
once again. CGBS, though, are still
quite resilient in the face of all that,
but dollar is, in some ways, still
firming a little bit. We're still
talking about 682, 681 levels for dollar
China right now. But, yes, gives us
time. It gives us time, April, to really
talk about earnings this morning as
well.
>> Yeah, and the one company that's in in
focus, Chinese LiDAR maker Hesai, it's
reported 30% on-year revenue growth for
the first quarter. The company's also
just announced a strategic partnership
with Mercedes-Benz. It is though down
overnight. Let's get more on the
earnings and outlook with David Lee,
co-founder and CEO, joining us
exclusively today from Shanghai. David,
great to see you. So, congratulations on
the tie-up with Mercedes, but I think
what investors want to know more about
is, you know, profit margin, how that
fell in the first quarter. What is the
plan to sort of perhaps slow that trend?
How how are you looking to reverse that?
>> Well, definitely, well, first of all,
thank you for having me. I think the
bigger picture is uh growth.
Um
we should probably start from uh the
Aedas market. The latest number uh in
March, the main LiDAR market share were
55%
in China. Uh and we're growing
tremendously. And also, I think one of
the most exciting things to me is that,
you know, people always talk about the
declining of the price. And for each
LiDAR, that would that's usually the
case. But what's interesting is that
we're seeing the number of LiDARs coming
back up. Uh it used to be one. Now, with
the latest launch of Li Auto's flagship
models, we're actually going from one
LiDAR to four LiDARs. So, we're uh
increasing a lot of LiDAR contents per
vehicle. And which shows that we're
finally seeing people appreciating more
LiDARs are providing more safety, more
functions, and uh more and more car
companies are looking to do that.
Essentially, reversing the trend of the
total cost of LiDAR on a vehicle to go
back to a much higher level, uh which is
great news for us. Of course, we're also
uh announcing more new car models uh
with players like uh Toyota, GAC, and
Cadillac China, Audi, uh Li Auto,
Xiaomi, Geely, etc. The car market alone
is becoming more interesting because of
the uh the information I mentioned.
>> Yeah, car market, but also I guess
robotics market, which I can guess we
can talk about in a bit. But there's
also increasing competition within the
LiDAR sector, right? You're seeing some
of these rivals with technological
breakthroughs. How are you looking at
the landscape now?
>> Yeah. Well, the competition has always
been there and has always been strong.
But again, if you look at the number, we
are 55%
uh in the mar in the month of March for
the main LiDAR in China, which means
that the gap is actually widening. Uh
and also, we're not stopping there.
We're releasing more new cutting-edge
technologies. One of the coolest thing
we recently released is called a
Picasso, like the artist. What it does
is that it's actually very interesting.
Traditionally, people can buy lidars
with cameras in a package. So, it's
usually bulky or you distribute them,
but anyhow, it's two separate devices.
Today, we use a very interesting
strategy. Let's call that buy one, get
one for free. So, we build a 6D lidar.
So, essentially, it's a 3D lidar where
it has the function of camera at the
same time. So, it's really the
the XYZ for the lidar and the RGB for
the camera in one device. It's not even
combining. It's it has the camera
function by the pixel level because our
new generations of semiconductor
is leading the world on the front and
it's allowing us to do this for the
first time for the world. So, now, I
somehow feel like maybe we can end the
camera lidar debate.
>> Okay, we can end that debate, David.
Tell tell us something about Cosmo then.
What is the business model around Cosmo?
We're talking about you moving away from
just spatial perception to now spatial
intelligence and really entering into
the physical AI world.
>> Definitely. Yeah. Cosmo is a completely
different category, right? The Picasso
is the next level of game for the lidar
business really, even though we
incorporate the camera. Essentially,
it's a lidar with camera functions.
Cosmo is a new effort we make
alongside the lidar business. It's part
of our new effort called strategic
growth initiative SGI. What it does is
that it allows us to leverage what we
have to industries that's outside
automotive. If if you think about it,
what we do as a Hesai
best as a champion is we build the
sensors to perceive the world for robots
and the at the AI infrastructure
builder. What What we can leverage our
strength from lidar is to capture and
the digitalize the entire 3D world for
other applications.
>> Mhm.
>> Cosmo is such a hardware enabled data
infrastructure to digitalize reconstruct
the 3D world. If you think about that's
actually the key for any AI. For digital
AI, you always had the data to begin
with. For the physical AI, the data is
the fuel like the the gasoline for
physical AI to train their models.
Arguably, it's more important than
memories and electricity in this
industry. However, we lack that. Today,
all the data we have to train the
physical AI robots are in 2D. We didn't
really have rich 3D content because
there was never such a great hardware
and platform to do that. And we're we're
the first one to be able to do that to
train all the the robotics models with
high fidelity image and 3D point cloud
and all the sensors in one bundle. And
that's what we're able to provide. And
uh for the SGI entire unit, we're
expecting more than 100 million RMB this
year of revenue with some of the early
orders already already and uh more than
500 million RMB order in 2027.
>> Um David, I think the market was a bit
disappointed. I mean, the 9% drop in in
the ADRs after these earnings came out.
We We We hit the sort of the margin sort
of concerns. There's also the prospect
of smaller than expected improvement
when it comes to your profitability as
well.
You know, how how do you address those
concerns now to the market?
>> Uh I think again, two parts, right? One
is that our margin is still by far the
leader among our peers due to our core
strengths. And I think people should
take a closer look at that. Obviously,
the other reason is that we're expanding
our volume dramatically. This is the
period where you need to see some
trade-offs between ASP and margin. But,
if you think about it, the way it works
is that is there always generations of
new technologies come in to make it
better and cheaper, and you have to look
for the pace to do that, and we're
very, very aggressively pushing the new
technologies to be able to achieve that.
Of course, I think to to us, the most
exciting thing is other than the core
business, we already see um
um um the new initiative like the SGI
with new exciting product that's beyond
even hardware sales. It's a new business
model that allow us to grow much more
rapidly.
>> And
as far as robotics or humanoids, you
know, there's so much interest in that
sector, do you see that as a a growth
engine? What's the trajectory that
you're expecting on that front?
>> Yeah, that's also another exciting um
category, which is uh I consider that as
the acceleration of uh the car lidar
industry, because um essentially, it was
the capability we build in building car
lidars and at the quality and the
quantity and the price, and we leverage
that to uh serve the robotic, especially
now the humanoid robots industry with
people like uh Unitree, uh like uh
Honor, and those people are the leaders
for humanoid, and even like a Unitree,
they show their great robot on the China
Wind Energy Gala, um
and then uh it was our sensor. And
what's another interesting example I'd
like to mention, which is uh
um super eye-opening, is that first time
ever um somebody as a global leader for
smart two-wheelers, the the scooter
Xiaoniu, they use our fully solid state
sensors to build their autonomous moving
two-wheelers,
um, which obviously is a much smaller
market than cars, but it just gives you
the sense of the possibility we're
opening up when we are producing car
lidars at the larger volume. So many
more industries are able to tap into
such a product for first time and
explore and the applications that we
couldn't even think of in the past.
>> David, I got to turn from two-wheelers
to four-wheelers, right? This this
announcement you made
uh, with being the supplier to
Mercedes-Benz. We we've talked about it
before. You always give us little
nuggets on the show. Last time it was
about your Thailand production and your
facility there. Last time was Nvidia and
your your your secret girlfriend that
you hard launched. Mercedes now being
the next hard launch here.
How does this fit into your global
expansion plans now?
>> It's extremely important. First of all,
I think it's probably another supermodel
we finally get to announce and uh, the
official statement is that we're a
strategic lidar partner and a confirmed
supplier for Mercedes-Benz models
enabling level three autonomy, which is
very important. And of course, we're
also telling people that finally uh, the
you know, the link between uh, the deals
we have and uh, the Galileo
manufacturing center in Thailand we
built, which is starting to operate in
early 2027, which is coming very soon.
And uh, of course, um, we hope there
will be more information we could
announce, but today we have to stay
strictly to what uh, we are allowed to
communicate based off the communication
with the customer.
>> So with the Thai factory you can't tell
us in terms of
Go ahead.
>> B, are you?
>> factory, Um
it's it's going according to progress.
Are we likely to see that in
the first month of 2027?
>> Yeah, it it's coming along. I think the
other reason
>> about
Go ahead, David.
>> Sorry, yeah. I think the interesting
thing probably we should ask is that
well, if we've been secretly dating for
a long time, why are we announcing
the Mercedes deal now, right? Since
considering that obviously it's been
ongoing for a while.
This is the interpretation. You know, we
live in a very interesting industry, the
lidar industry.
A lot of people have jokingly say that,
you know, a lot of the deals when you
sign that, it doesn't necessarily mean
that you will go to production cuz there
it's it's a difficult industry with so
many challenges. I understand that and
the customer hold
a very high bar now in acknowledging an
official partner
in public. We understand that cuz they
don't want to prematurely do that. But
now we have achieved that. I think
that's one of the biggest reasons that
the customers feels confident enough
that we're making this public together.
Of course, this should be the most
important piece of information from this
should be that this deal is going to go
to production with very high certainty
and we're expecting
many models coming out of this platform.
>> How much will this account for
production overall? What's the ratio
going to look like coming out of the
Thai factory and how are you thinking
about supply chains overall as well?
>> Yeah,
I don't have a specific number today to
disclose based on the the contract and
we're going to have to wait for the
customers to do. What I do want to say
that it this is definitely the beginning
of opening doors for different car
models for not even one brand, but it
makes it easier and other people to tag
along the process that we build in
Thailand with Nvidia in building such a
automotive grade product that we can
ship globally. You can imagine there is
a lot of ground work we did to make it
happen so that it meets the compliance
requirements for really different
continents. So that's why the first one
is always the most difficult one but the
rest of the deals are going to be much
easier.
>> David, great to have you. Always great
enjoy the conversation. David Lee there,
co-founder and CEO of Hesai
Technologies. Increasingly surrounding
himself with more supermodels. Uh taking
a look at what comes to the pre-market
here. Uh we did see those Hesai shares
in Hong Kong are falling uh similar to
what we saw in the ADRs down some 8% or
so. Uh Hang Seng is lower also by about
a third of 1%. And we're talking still
about a 682 handle for dollar-China.
This is Bloomberg.
Your agenda for greater China today of
course is that the Trump's I sorry,
Putin and Xi meeting in Beijing. And of
course a lot of talks about deals when
it comes to that Power of Siberia
pipeline. And certainly uh the focus is
going to be on energy flows as well.
There has been that slump in the China
ex-year. And you know, we're watching of
course Bilibili earnings. The Sohn
Conference is underway as well. And our
very own David Ingles is on the ground
there here in Hong Kong this morning.
And a CGP sale coming up later on as
well, April.
>> Yep. We are also watching out for the
JGB auction right out of Japan. The
20-year
uh this afternoon. Those results. Let's
take a look at how pre-markets are
faring. Looking at a down day so far.
Tracking what we're seeing in the
broader region.
Welcome back. You're watching the China
show. We're counting down to the open of
markets and we're looking like another
down day tracking what we're seeing in
the rest of the region against the
backdrop of overall elevated yields
particularly on the long end globally
and against the backdrop of the bounce
the surge we've been seeing in the green
back. Those Middle East concerns are
supposed still weighing on markets
Yvonne.
>> Yeah, it is still about inflation really
April and you know, there wasn't really
any clear catalyst but you still see saw
that US 30-year yield is punching close
to 520 levels here. It's the highest
we've seen since 2007. As you mentioned
too traders are now pricing in a
possibility of a rate hike as early as
year-end. So you are seeing those rate
hike expectations are coming out and
readjusting here this morning and that
certainly is a roiling in some extent
here the risk assets story here and the
AI trade. But Nvidia is that likely
going to change the tune here? That
certainly is going to be the key focus
coming up the next few hours or so. The
meantime onshore markets look like this
where slightly lower when it comes to
CSI 300 just half of 1% so very
different what we're seeing in other
regional benchmarks like the Kospi which
continues to be quite painting a a grim
a picture there this morning. Shanghai
crude is a little bit elevated as well.
You also have the likes of chips that
are falling here. So camera contact is
down
7/10 of 1%. The consumption space as
well like Midea is not doing too well.
So
you know, there's not too much in terms
of conviction here this morning and the
China X as we say, is extending that
sort of sell-off that we saw. Uh they
were down about just a marginal fifth of
1%. So, certainly there's that's one
thing that's going on. Let's see how
Hong Kong is faring. Still some earnings
to tell you about. We talked about Tu
Her size David Lee earlier. Uh Bilibili
earnings also came on. Uh we're still
seeing some downside in Hang Seng.
Although, as I mentioned, it's been
pretty moderate in terms of declines. HS
Tech also on offer here today, but
you're still seeing some green amongst
some of the Tencent, Alibaba's, and
Meituan, which is interesting, right?
Just given that they have been the
laggards of late. Maybe this rotation is
now benefiting some of these internet
platforms once again. Although, we are
still seeing Baidu is down some 1%.
Xiaomi is also down by 9/10 of 1%. But
the board is We talked about the
earnings side of things. Uh Bilibili is
is sort of the interesting one. Uh the
ADRs did actually gain in the US. Uh it
was in terms of the expectations. Uh
they didn't actually uh
it were pretty good in terms of
advertising revenue, right? Which you
rarely hear, according to Morgan
Stanley, among some of these Chinese
internet companies, where advertising
revenue growth was stronger than
expected. Nevertheless, the stock is
still down close to 4%. ZTO Express also
came up with those earnings. But, yeah,
missing estimates there. Maybe that's
why the stock is a bit heavy here this
morning. And then there of course
there's Hesai. So, it's interesting,
right? It was kind of a mixed bag uh
when it came to the number of shipments,
when it came to higher revenue. Those
were all pretty strong. But then again,
I think investors are still quite
concerned about weaker gross margins. Uh
also when it came to the improvement in
profitability, might have missed a
little bit there as well. But as David
Lee told us, right? Uh you got to talk a
little bit more about uh how they're
broadening beyond just the the EV space
now to humanoid robots, automation, uh
the like here. And of course, announcing
that big partnership uh to be a supplier
for Mercedes-Benz, April.
>> Yeah, because uh we've been seeing how
investors, amid the AI rally, have been
looking for some of these fresh trades,
including our robotics, humanoid-related
stocks. It's interesting on the China
ex-today, you're seeing some of the
declines coming from the likes of CATL,
for example, and I think this is really
speaking to that rethink we've been
seeing overall on that so-called AI
trade. And of course, we've been
focusing on Nvidia. It'll give that
much-anticipated update on the state of
the AI economy when it reports
first-quarter results later Wednesday,
as Bloomberg tech co-anchor Ed Ludlow
reports.
>> market continues to cloud the outlook
for the world's most valuable company.
>> There's massive beat-and-raise
expectations for Nvidia. The market
really believes the momentum continues.
Top-line growth 80%, bottom-line growth
84%, but China is still the overhang for
Jensen Huang and his company. Post the
trip to China with the president, there
wasn't really a net conclusion.
Jensen Huang projected confidence when I
was able to ask him about it just before
earnings, but the reality is it's still
up to China.
>> The Chinese government has to decide
how much of their local market do they
want to protect, and how much of their
local market do they want to expand with
more more AI capacity.
My sense is that the demand in China is
so incredible, just like it is it is
here. Agentic AI is also making enormous
progress there. My sense is that over
time,
the market will open.
>> The environment is really clear. Demand
is outpacing supply, and that manifests
itself still in memory chips. Jensen
Huang talking about the idea that the
supply chain is doubling, maybe even
quadrupling per annum. But, it's over
the next decade that we're still going
to see that mismatch, and so that is the
question that markets will pose. Where
is the continued growth momentum coming
from in the face of supply constraints?
And also, what is really going on with
China? Because right now, the base case
assumption is that China is zero
revenues. It's definitely a market that
Jensen Huang and Nvidia want to be in.
Ed Ludlow for Bloomberg News in San
Francisco.
>> And you know, when it comes to Nvidia
post earnings, it's really
familiar dance that we're seeing, right?
Cuz after the earnings drop, the stock
tends to face a bit of selling pressure
and then you see a bit of that wavering
when it comes to the rest of the tech
complex and
be interesting to see whether this is
what we'll see this time around and
there you have that chart as well, just
a reminder of some of the post earnings
performance on the stock. We have of
course been seeing maybe this time
around is a bit different because of how
hard the rally has been on Nvidia. I
think we're still 30% up since the lows
of March.
Yvonne, it's interesting of course how
the segments as far as revenues are
concerned are going to be broken down as
well.
>> Yeah, as you see from the post earning
slips, right? You know, even good
earnings is just a maybe a guide to to
traders and the like to to profit can
take some profits. If it's great, now
maybe that does help fuel this AI rally,
but then again, we've seen a lot when it
comes to headwinds across the
semiconductor space of late and the
sell-off has been quite relentless on
the way down as well. In terms of
segment revenue, this is kind of what
what we're looking at for the first
quarter as well when it comes to compute
networking networking gaming and the
like and it really comes down to what we
hear about China, right? I mean, it
given the fact that you know, this has
been what Jensen Huang has said a $50
billion opportunity, they've actually
put their their forecast on sales in
China to to zero basically for for
several quarters now. So, you know,
given those comments that we heard with
Ed Ludlow just a few days ago post Trump
Xi, it'll be interesting to see what
Nvidia has to say in the earnings call
about those AI chip shipments to China
and the prospects of that as well. Um,
but then again, right? At a time when
the market is really questioning, you
know, are hyperscalers still willing to
to suspend aggressively just given the
fact that that has been a concern among
the market now. And once we see that
sort of slowdown, what happens to the
whole AI trade?
>> Yeah, we're still expecting pretty
strong growth on data center revenue
though, to your point. Uh, and I think
the numbers in terms of the estimates is
for it to hit 88%
uh, and this is coming at the time where
it's of course fending off competition
as far as AI accelerators are concerned,
right? From the likes of AMD, uh,
Broadcom, even Alphabet. And they've all
these companies been finding new ways to
capitalize on this massive spending that
we've been seeing on compute. So, that's
something that of course investors are
going to be watching.
Uh, and as you say, the forecast for
Chinese markets and, you know, when it
comes to AI processors, the extent in
which we'll see that moving the needle a
little, Yvonne.
>> Yeah, I think key questions around the
data center story, right? Is how are the
Blackwell systems doing, you know, in
terms of the ramp up there? Has it been
strong? And what does it mean for the
Reuben platform as well? Like, is is
there enough visibility around uh, that
sort of uh, new sort of technology? So,
certainly there's a lot coming through
here in these Nvidia earnings, not just
when it comes to the headline numbers.
And for subscribers, you can also turn
to your terminal for more on those
Nvidia results. T-Live Go is your
function for the latest updates plus
commentary and analysis from our expert
editors.
>> President Trump is threatening to resume
strikes on Iran in the coming days as
part of a push for a deal to end the
war. The latest threat came after Trump
said he had called off a planned attack
after an appeal by Gulf allies.
>> They come to the table. They're begging
to make a deal cuz they're begging to
make a deal. I hope we don't have to do
the war, but we may have to give them
another big hit. We may have to give
them another big hit. I'm not sure yet.
I had made the decision. So, they called
up. They had heard I made the decision.
They said, "Sir, could you give us a
couple more days because we think
they're being reasonable."
>> How many days is that in all?
>> Well, I I mean, I'm saying two or three
days, maybe Friday, Saturday, Sunday,
something, maybe early next week, a
limited period of time.
>> And NATO is now said to be considering
the possibility of helping ships pass
through the Strait of Hormuz if the
waterway is not reopened by early July.
And that would represent a shift in the
alliance's strategy on the conflict in
the Middle East.
>> Yep. Meantime, the Russian President
Vladimir Putin has arrived in Beijing
aiming to reinforce ties with Chinese
leader Xi Jinping and make progress on a
long-stalled energy project. Our chief
North Asia correspondent Stephen Engel
joins us now from Beijing. So, Steve,
you were telling us yesterday about
Power of Siberia 2. Have we learned
anything about whether this is going to
be on the agenda in terms of energy
project considerations? Have we heard
anything else from both sides?
>> Guys, I've lost your audio, but maybe
you can still hear me. I'll I'll I'll
talk about I don't know what you asked
me there, Avril, but basically, what
we're expecting from this summit between
Xi Jinping and Vladimir Putin is
obviously uh with the wars at the
backdrop. I'm talking wars plural
because of the war in Ukraine is going
into its fifth year, and the war in Iran
is obviously causing a lasting uh
oil price and energy shock. So, those
are the backdrop of these discussions,
no doubt. They have a very powerful
relationship between Russia and China,
but it's an unequal one. And obviously,
4 years of war in Ukraine is is starting
to show severe strain on the Russian
economy. And of course, we know that the
Russian oil exports to the European
Union have been have been entirely cut
off. So, Vladimir Putin is here, coming
down the steps onto the red carpet.
Another world leader coming to Beijing
following, of course, Donald Trump last
week. And then, of course, Keir Starmer
was here, and Mark Carney was here. We
had Lee Jae-moon of South Korea was
here. Friedrich Merz was here this year.
The list goes on.
Macron from France.
So, Vladimir Putin has different agenda,
obviously. They want to show to the
world this, you know, alliance, this no
limits partnership between Moscow and
Beijing as a counterweight to the West.
But,
Vladimir Putin needs to get, you know,
contracts signed for the Power of
Siberia 2 pipeline that runs from
Central Russia. Or it doesn't run yet.
It's proposed. It's going to cost
billions and billions of dollars, more
than a decade to build. But, Russia
needs commitments, firm commitments and
length of commitments from the Chinese
if they're going to build this pipeline
from upper Central Russia through
Mongolia into China. And that's the big
question right now.
Is the war in Iran going to be the
catalyst that Vladimir Putin takes to Xi
Jinping today at the Great Hall of the
People, then later today in their
moments of tea ceremonies to talk about,
"Look,
the war in Iran has caused energy prices
to soar. Now is the time to sign on the
bottom line and get this deal done." And
commitments, multi-year commitments to
buy LNG from Russia through the Power of
Siberia 2 pipeline. That's what we're
all waiting for. No one's really
expecting this to be finished today,
but at least it can
Vladimir Putin is hoping they can propel
this forward.
>> Steve, thanks for really dealing with
all the technical gremlins there.
Stephen Englelar, chief foreign affairs
correspondent, joining us live from
Beijing
talking a little bit more about that
Xi-Putin meeting, his 25th visit to the
country there. CSI 300 is lower by about
a third of 1%. We're following the China
X at least we've come climb back just a
little bit, but HS Tech moderately lower
here this morning. This is Bloomberg.
We're going to go live now to the Sohn
Conference
Ark Investment Management CEO Cathie
Wood speaking to our very own David
Ingles on stage. Let's listen in.
>> applied to um hair loss. And that same
target
uh we're beginning to understand could
be targeted to endometriosis.
And we just had a conversation with
Shawn McClain and his uh science team,
medical team, this week. And I asked the
question uh about fibromyalgia.
One of my dear friends is has that
disease, is very painful. It's also uh
pretty much isolated to women. And he is
saying that this this um
candidate, this drug target, might also
be applicable to fibromyalgia.
So, they've after starting with um
alopecia, a hair loss disease, uh
they're now finding these other
applications very interesting that are
all about women's health. Um and they're
very excited because they are collapsing
the cost and time because of their AI
expertise
to, first of all, discover these new
drug targets and develop them. So, very
excited about uh AbSci. And you're
right. You're right, David. The market
isn't appreciating. Recently, it it uh
got a little excited about the hair loss
uh target, but uh I think because we're
still in a risk-averse mode, everybody
thinks we're in this AI hype cycle, and
sure, there's been a lot of excitement
about that, but think about the
companies involved in the public
markets. They're very cash-rich.
Uh the hyperscalers, they have a lot of
cash. So, there's they're still getting
a lot of respect. The companies that are
in the trenches using AI to uh discover
and develop new drugs, they are not
appreciated yet, but they will be.
>> I know you guys disclose your trades,
correct me if I'm wrong, every day. Uh
AbSci fell, I think, overnight 6%. Did
you guys add to your any positions
overnight?
>> What Well, you know, our our our stocks,
they they rise and fall. Well, I know
that we added added it recently. I don't
know what you're you're talking about,
but we are very excited about
>> but yeah. Okay. Well, you know, I
actually thought, Cathie, this would be
our first conversation without talking
about Nvidia, but you forced my hand by
talking about hyperscalers there. And
you know, I guess background, so Cathie
made you guys made a lot of money in
Nvidia. You guys were very high-profile
in exiting that trade years back. And
the thesis was, Cathie, just for the
audience, was if you you believe that if
the market was valuing a company like
Nvidia that much, the love should spread
to other parts of the market. The reason
I frame it that way, do you think the
market is underestimating the
application side of AI these days and
not and not so much the the upstream
names that have been very much in favor.
>> Yes, and we do own Nvidia. We didn't
sell it throughout our
portfolios. We we did own it, but we do
think that the largest revenue
generating opportunity from AI in terms
of embodied AI is going to be in
transportation. So you know, we're very
well known for Tesla and we think Tesla
and robot taxes are about to take off.
So that, you know, many people who think
of it as an EV company right now, um
populated or or powered by human driven
cars,
uh they're going to have to shift to
autonomous mobility, uh which is going
to be more of a subscription model. It's
a platform company. It'll have software
like margins, very different from today.
Uh we think that opportunity is going to
be the biggest revenue upside surprise
during the next 5 to 10 years. We we
know that the semiconductor companies
are well understood,
um
in terms of their potential revenue
generating opportunity. We don't think
transportation or health care. Health
care,
uh the reason for this we think health
care is going to be the most profound
application of AI. But I think a lot of
traditional investors who are wedded to
benchmarks,
um are not venturing here yet, but they
will because there will be aha moments.
There will be light bulbs going off as
more as we see more and more publicity
about AI helping to
diagnose disease in very early stages,
maybe even before
traditional technology would see the
symptoms, and AI curing disease as well
as collapsing the cost and time of drug
discovery and development cost
collapsing the cost by
we think it will be 75%
and the time by 40%. So, you know, we
think massive healthcare
applications.
>> Cathy, we know it's getting late, so
final question for you. The
When you guys come out with your key
ideas around technology, you guys
clearly look beyond the next 12 months
from that point in time.
Very few people even knew what large
language models were as an example, you
know, 3 years ago, let alone a genetic
AI. So, my question for you is how do
you know you're right about these
technologies that you put out at the
start of the year. What degree of
confidence do you think you have a
better idea of what the world will look
like in 3 years time?
>> So, there are two parts to that answer.
One is every technology follows a
learning curve. A learning curve we can
analyze.
And the way we analyze it is with
Wright's Law, a relative of Moore's Law.
Moore's Law is a function of time, every
18 months to 2 years. Wright's Law is a
function of units, every cumulative
doubling in the number of units
produced. The way we know if we're going
to be right, if there's no interruption
in the unit growth and companies can
exploit these technologies and ride down
the cost curve. Then we think they'll be
adopted very quickly. Where we went
wrong around COVID and its aftermath, we
had no idea how long that supply shock
would last. It lasted 3 years. That hurt
the unit growth dynamic. So, our biggest
focus is on unit growth associated with
these technologies. If something like a
COVID crisis gets in the way, we need to
take more note. If not,
then we think we're going to see some
spectacular growth rates from these new
technologies.
>> Kathy, thank you so much for carving out
part of your evening for us here in the
Asia Pacific. We appreciate it. Kathy
Wood there, ladies and gentlemen. See
you
>> We're going to leave that there for
Bloomberg subscribers. You can continue
watching at live go of the Sohn
conference here in Hong Kong. You'll
also find big diary entries coming up
today and later on this week, as well as
some of the events you may have missed
earlier.
Yep, let's also take a look at how some
of these
stocks are faring. Of course, among the
movers, we're tracking how City's note
on, you know, the
likes of Amir and how the results raise
guidance provides a sort of positive
read-through for sportswear makers
including Anta and Top Sports. City also
talking about how for the telecoms
business, if we can take a look at some
of these telcos in China as well, they
see the token roll out marking a sort of
pivot. And maybe that brings in fresh
revenue streams as well for the telcos.
For the moment though, you are seeing
them mostly coming under pressure. It's
not a great day today for stocks as far
as risk assets are concerned tracking
more or less what you're seeing in the
rest of the region. CSI 300 though
managing slight gains. You're watching
the China show we'll have a lot more on
the way in the next hour.
>> Welcome back to the China show. Here's a
look at the CSI 300 a half hour into the
session and you know really interesting
we're starting it buck really the trend
of what we're seeing across Asia Pacific
here today. Asian stocks are actually
down for a fourth straight day. Yields
across the region are also picking up in
the bond market as well. So we continue
to see that this may not just be a rate
story anymore. It is
turning a little bit more across assets
and yeah you're starting to see stocks
feel that April.
>> Yeah, take a look at how we're faring on
the rest of the region where it's mostly
been negative territory for some of
these risk related assets.
Um I think the Nikkei is on on a fifth
session of declines. The broader gauge
is also in negative territory. We've
been tracking some of these comments
from Japanese officials of course. The
South Korean gauge is also staying quite
soft though it's paired a lot of the
declines from early on in the session.
Choppy day really.
Um it's interesting the gauge of
Bloomberg uh semiconductor stocks in
Asia is seeing slight gains now and
Chinese chip stocks are also rallying
pretty hard. You're looking at dollar
China meantime moving sideways and of
course as you highlighted earlier what
we are watching in bonds with that
20-year auction in Japan out today.
Let's take a look at how the yields are
trending. The 30-year hit what, the
highest level we've seen since 2007. Of
course, also in markets is that pricing
of the Fed rate hike, a full one priced
in now before the year is through. We're
looking at a bit of a firmness coming
through on Japan's 10-year. Let's bring
in now our chief Asia FX and rates
correspondent, Ruth Carson, for more on
what's happening in the bond market. So,
we saw that route then in the Asia
session the past 2 days this interesting
a bit of calm returns. I mean, what are
you expecting on how bad this can get
and what the driver of the sell-off is?
>> So, duration, duration, duration. No one
wants to touch it. Um an analogy that
I'm hearing from trading desks is, do
you really want to catch a falling knife
at the moment? So, even when there is
headline to headline trading, is the war
ending? Is the war not ending? Is there
progress? Is there no progress? Pretty
much your profits of buying the dip can
be wiped out within a matter of, you
know, seconds to minutes. So, right now
it is very much a bond bear market.
Investors are worried about duration,
especially when it comes to long bonds
as we've seen with 30-year yields in the
US sort of hitting, um you know,
multi-decade highs. Is this going to
continue? Um right now, yes, until the
Strait of Hormuz is probably open or we
have firm says and seeing that things
are going to be ending with the war in
Iran.
Uh yeah, it's it's a bear market.
>> Mhm.
What are you watching in Japan? We have
that 20-year auction that's out later
today, and 30-year already last week
showed those signs of indigestion.
>> Yeah, absolutely, and we know that the
stress is particularly acute in Japan.
It is, you know, a market that's not
only sensitive to inflation. We know
that Japan's a big importer when it
comes to energy from the Middle East.
there is that, you know, verdict as well
from investors saying that the BOJ is
behind the curve when it comes to
raising rates. So it's a it's a very
potent cocktail here for the bond bears
out there. 20 years is a lot of duration
for investors to stomach. Uh we had a
fantastic M Live post this morning that
kind of
sort of shadows how 30-year bonds in
particular in Japan actually has is is
still appealing to some life insurance,
but 20 year is a funny one because it's
sort of in between. So definitely keep
an eye on it because um it could be
another signal that all's not well with
bonds.
>> Yeah, JGBs is one market, Ruth. Are
there any particular bond markets that
you're looking at that stand out as
possibly being more vulnerable to
further sell-offs given all these
inflation fears?
>> It's interesting that when the Iran war
sort of started, the chatter in trading
desk straight away was Asia. Like sell
Asia. You've got It doesn't matter
whether you're in Japan or in Korea or
indeed in this part of the world in
Southeast Asia, we all know that Asian
bond markets are particularly vulnerable
to energy-driven
inflation shocks because it is an
importer of uh Middle East oil and other
commodities. So absolutely, take your
pick in this region. Um it is very much
one that is under a lot of pressure and
one we're keeping an eye on because it
will impact central bank policy at some
stage.
>> Ruth, thank you so much. Our chief Asia
FX and rates correspondent, Ruth Carson.
Coming up, we come to you live from the
sidelines of the Australian Energy
Producers Forum in Adelaide where we
speak with Woodside chief executive, Liz
Westcott, on energy security and outlook
for the sector. More ahead on the China
show. This is Bloomberg.
>> They come to the table, they're begging
to make a deal. Cuz they're begging to
make a deal. I hope we don't have to do
the work, but we may have to give them
another big hit. We may have to give
them another big hit. I'm not sure yet.
>> President Trump there are threatening to
resume strikes on Iran in the coming
days. And with global energy supplies
under pressure, the focus in Australia
is now on boosting stockpiles. Now,
industry leaders have told that energy
producers conference there's an urgent
need to increase natural gas production
warning of possible domestic shortfall
later this decade. Let's go live now to
that conference in Adelaide, where our
very own Paul Allen is with our next
guest who runs, of course, Australia's
largest LNG producer. Paul.
>> Thanks very much, Yvonne. Yes, I'm
joined by Liz Westcott, the uh CEO of
Woodside. Liz, thank you so much for
your time today. I believe your first
time with us on Bloomberg TV as well.
>> Well, it's a pleasure to be here. Thank
you.
>> I wish the circumstances were easier for
you also because, you know, the conflict
in Iran obviously generating a
tremendous amount of geopolitical
uncertainty. Can you give us a a sense
of how this is impacting your
decision-making and your investment
decisions?
>> Yeah, the the the crisis in the Middle
East is absolutely reinforced the
importance of of energy supplies and in
particular gas.
Uh in Australia, the federal
government's been working very hard on
ensuring we have sufficient supplies of
liquid fuels and it has um
you know, publicly reinforced the
benefit of having an LNG export industry
as part of the ability to secure
commitments from other countries.
Uh as an operator and as a producer, the
importance on being reliable and
honoring commitments is is reinforced.
And certainly customers are looking for
us to honor our contracts and also if
there's any additional volumes to to
keep them in mind.
>> Before any of this happened, a lot of
the conversations were around the LNG
market heading for a glut. Is this still
the case if this conflict ends or do you
see Asian consumers still needing every
molecule of gas that Australia can
provide?
>> So LNG markets have always had
volatility. They've had a lot of
seasonality to them with demand high and
low. We've also always survived and and
been part of geopolitical stability,
price volatility. So to some degree the
markets are well set for these events.
We are seeing build out of new supply
and so that's going to continue to
support the market going forward.
But certainly our customers are very
keen to continue to contract with us.
>> And are our customers looking for longer
duration contracts now or has there been
any change to that?
>> The immediate
activity for customers has been securing
short-term supply in as a result of
having so much supply held back from the
Middle East.
But customers have historically since
COVID really since 2021 been moving more
to longer term supply and we are
starting to see that behavior continues.
So
nearly 2/3 of contracts since 2021
worldwide have been for more than 10
years and so we continue to see that
play forward.
>> And of course we're seeing upheaval on
the domestic front as well following the
budget, the announcement of a 20% gas
reservation policy, potential changes to
the petroleum resource rent tax coming
as well.
How are you planning around that?
>> So political stability is really
important. Tax stability for industries
like ours, we invest for decades and we
have significant investments. We
continue to talk with governments in
Australia.
The federal government
you know recently
uh agreed not to change the tax settings
as part of the budget and we're in
discussions with them on the new
reservation policy that they recently
talked to us about. The West Australian
government where the state government
already has a domestic reservation
policy that we use in Western Australia
and so it will be important that a
federal system can
work in harmony with what's already
there in Western Australia.
>> How would you characterize the broader
regulatory set up in Australia now? Is
it getting too hard to invest in new LNG
projects?
>> Woodside is continues to be super proud
to be an Australian company and has
strong ambition to continue to invest
here.
We do need stable in government. We need
stable fiscal settings. We need
predictable
settings and we need timely approvals.
But we have Browse as a fabulous
opportunity. It's a under It's a
discovered but yet undeveloped resource
and we're looking to see how do we bring
that to market. We recently had an
independent study that the joint venture
commission that highlighted just the
benefits that could bring to Australia.
Domestic gas for households and
businesses, support our regional
partners, but deliver more than 56
billion dollars in taxes and royalties,
provide additional jobs, things the
government is also looking for. So
ensuring changes to
policies that continue to support
investment is going to be really
important.
>> Yeah, let's talk a little bit more about
Browse. I mean when could we expect a
final decision on this project?
>> Browse is
a a project that we're keen to continue
to progress. We have
contracting companies working with us
now on early front end engineering and
design for the floating FPSOs offshore.
We've been working commercial agreements
with our counterparts
and we've continued to have long-term
engagements with the government on
environmental approvals.
We need to have stable
uh,
tax and fiscal settings as well.
Uh Um, but we're optimistic of the
progress of Browse.
>> Yeah, well, the uh,
the caution and the steady pace is
understandable cuz it's not cheap. Would
you consider selling off infrastructure
or any assets to help uh, fund the
project?
>> So, we have a number of committed
projects today as Woodside that we're
busy uh, supporting. We've got a Trion
development in Mexico and we've got our
Louisiana LNG project in the US.
We then have a suite of opportunities
that could follow and these projects
will all need to compete for capital and
we need to consider the right strategic
move for Woodside. Uh, we have Browse,
we have further opportunities at
Louisiana to do additional trains there.
These are some of the considerations we
have.
>> Uh, where would you place the chances of
this not going ahead or is it just a
question of when rather than if?
>> Browse has been part of the Woodside
portfolio for decades and the teams
continue to progress it.
The importance of having energy security
in Australia has really been highlighted
this year and its ability to support
energy security in our region is equally
important. So, we understand that Browse
could really be a solution for Australia
going forward.
>> Mhm. Um,
can you tell me a little bit more
about M&A? Because when we're in
situations like this, we've got very
high oil prices, very strong earnings,
good balance sheets as well. You would
feel that the scene is probably set for
some consolidation.
Are you looking at making any
acquisitions at the moment?
>> Yeah, Woodside's portfolio has continued
to use mergers, acquisitions,
divestments as part of
the tools to to increase value for
shareholders
and that's been part of the suite of
things. So, that's always something that
we contemplate. But, we'd be looking for
material positions. We'd be looking for
assets that complement our skills,
geographies that we already are
that really uh, are enabled for Woodside
to generate additional value for
shareholders.
>> Well, back in 2024, uh, Woodside and
Santos were talking about a tie-up and
that eventually didn't proceed because
of valuations. Is that something that
could potentially become a reality
again?
>> That that particular, uh, deal is behind
us.
>> Mhm.
>> Yeah. I see.
>> Yeah.
>> Um, now, when you became CEO, uh,
well, would that came at a time where
Woodside was advancing a number of, uh,
important LNG projects. Is this still a
very much an LNG first company?
>> Yeah, Woodside has a real strength in
LNG operating capability. We've been an
operator of LNG for more than 35 years.
And so, we have a suite of projects that
are going to continue with that. But, we
are also a proud, uh, oil developer and
in particular deepwater oil with our
Sangomar asset that came online in 2024
and the Trion project now in Mexico. So,
they're complementary, uh, but the
portfolio, uh, will be a dominated LNG
portfolio.
>> Do you feel Australia requires more oil
refining capacity?
>> Important for Australia is to recognize
the, uh, ability to have fuel security.
And the government in their recent
budget, uh, put money aside to ensure
that we have sufficient, uh, reserves.
Uh, so, refining capacity is one
opportunity,
uh, but I think having the ability to
do, uh, trades with the Asian
counterparts for whom this is their
natural product, um, is equally valid.
>> Yes, and in terms of that, uh, you know,
Australia's unique leverage in terms of
providing the gas that, uh, Asian
consumers need in return for the liquid
fuel that Australian, uh, needs. Yeah.
How long do you see this, uh,
arrangement being sustainable and
durable for? Can it last as long as, you
know, the Iran war lasts?
>> The The arrangements are actually
existing commitments between the
countries. And what has been done is
reinforce that we acknowledge that we
actually need you to fully honor those
commitments and likewise our
counterparts the Japanese Prime Minister
visited Australia seeking confirmation
that we would continue to honor the
commitments of LNG export. So, the the
onus and the responsibility for
Australia is to continue to develop new
resources to enable that security that
energy security between our counterparts
to continue.
>> Um can you imagine a situation as was
discussed in the early days of this
conflict where we might see some sort of
rationing in Australia? Are we past that
now? Do you feel that fuel security is
sufficient that that's no longer a
conversation?
>> I think that's a that's an interesting
question and it's one that I know
governments are are really actively
considering. Having it
gas and LNG available to support our
Asian counterparts is our best
opportunity to provide the reciprocal
produced fuel back into Australia. And
so, that's the opportunity for Australia
I think is to continue to have
reciprocity in how we support our
our counterparts in the um
in the agreement that they will do the
same for us.
>> Uh you mentioned earlier that you are in
conversation with the government around,
you know, potential changes to the tax
regime around the petroleum resource
rent tax.
The government's taken a lot of
criticism post budget for breaking
promises around property tax. Does this
make it difficult to go ahead
with these conversations in good faith
thinking, well, you know, the political
climate could potentially change
election to election?
>> We have worked with governments over
decades and so we work with governments
continually and so part of the the
opportunity I guess for companies is to
work with governments as they evolve
their thinking.
We understand that the government chose
not to do anything for tax which we're
grateful for in the budget, but we do
expect this conversation to continue.
It's a democracy in Australia.
Conversations like this are important.
We believe the current regime is is more
than adequate in providing that fair
share of return to Australia, but the
conversation will continue.
>> Just finally, Liz, is there one change,
one policy change, one regulation that
you would like to see happen that will
make your life a lot easier?
>> As we discussed, our projects compete
for capital with other opportunities
that are outside of Australia.
And one of the hallmarks of Australia
has been having a stable, predictable,
transparent tax fiscal system, having
regulatory approvals that were enduring,
timely. We need to return to having that
as a as a key feature of investing in
Australia, and that will give Australia
the best chance.
>> All right, Liz Westcott, CEO and
managing director of Woodside. Thank you
so much for joining us today.
>> Thank you very much, Paul.
>> April.
>> Paul, thank you so much. Good stuff.
We'll have more from Adelaide in the
next hour when we speak to Australian
energy producer CEO Samantha McCulloch.
Uh we'll watch that, of course, later on
in shows. Yvonne.
>> Yep, and we've been tracking these live
pictures out of Taiwan here this morning
where the President Lai Ching-te is
marking his second anniversary in
office. Uh
he is commenting a little bit on, of
course, what's been going on that came
out of this Trump-Xi summit. Uh and he
says that, you know, Taiwan's future
cannot be decided by external forces.
This, of course, as uh we we did see
that with President Trump, uh where he
mentioned that this US arms purchases uh
from Taiwan is is some sort of
bargaining chip here as well. The
Taiwanese president has defended that
statement saying that that these deals
are the most important deterrent when it
comes to regional conflict and
instability. Uh on the flip side of
that, he's also announcing a few sort of
uh I guess priorities for for the second
year in in office, and he says, you
know, when it comes to uh this support
for the industrial upgrade. They're
talking about about 100 billion uh
Taiwanese dollars as well. Also talking
when it comes to the energy crisis and
the like where Taiwan will practically
consider all energy sources when it
comes to growth. Obviously, they've been
benefiting from this AI boom. They're
talking about the economy punching some
7% according to their uh forecast there.
So, uh
a few news to kind of highlight there
here. But, yes, when it comes to the
side of of Taiwan relations and and, you
know,
uh cross-strait relations, he says, you
know, they cherish peace, but they will
not give up on freedom.
As the latest here, we'll bring you more
if we hear it. Keep it here on the China
show. This is Bloomberg.
>> Welcome back. Here are some of the major
corporate stories we're following. LIV
Golf is said to have started laying the
groundwork for a potential US bankruptcy
filing if it fails to raise new funds.
Sources say the league is currently
looking for money after its main backer,
the Saudi Public Investment Fund, pulled
its funding. We're told LIV Golf is
preparing for its potential collapse
when the season ends in late August.
Arsenal Football Club has won the
English Premier League title for the
first time in 22 years. Thousands of
fans celebrated the streets of North
London as Manchester City's challenge
ended with a draw in their game at
Bournemouth. And Arsenal had finished
runners-up in the past three seasons.
They now face PSG in the final of the
European Champions League on May 30th
for the chance to secure another trophy.
Bloomberg has learned that bankers are
preparing to sell $49 billion of debt to
fund the Paramount Skydance takeover of
Warner Brothers Discovery. Paramount is
seeking to use loans and bonds to
refinance its existing short-term
financing into longer-term debt. We're
told the deal will include a mix of
investment-grade secured bonds and junk
debt.
Samsung and Google are unveiling new
smart glasses with a launch plan later
this year. Built with Warby Parker and
Gentle Monster, the devices let users
interact with Gemini by voice. Features
include directions, calls, translations,
and camera-based queries. Pricing,
timing, and privacy details are still to
come.
And China's top flash memory chip maker
Yangtze Memory Technologies has begun
the process for an IPO, tapping booming
AI-driven demand. YMTC says it has
started a pre-listing tutoring process
with local brokers, CITIC Securities and
CICC Financial. YMTC joins Changxin
Memory seeking fresh capital to expand
capacity and bolster Beijing's drive for
tech self-sufficiency. Yvonne?
>> All right, April, we're checking when it
comes to Chinese chip stocks here this
morning and really bucking the trend
across tech. When you take a look at
what's been happening quite kind of
quietly here this rally that's basically
we've seen some of these China chip ETFs
have been up for about three days in a
row now. So, uh domestic chips are
seeing a bit of reversal here of late
and certainly that does help a little
bit when it comes to some of these
onshore markets. But you take a look at
the broader how Asia chips are doing and
and maybe overall things are looking a
little bit better, right? We talked
about the Kospi turning positive here in
the last few minutes as well. So, tech
is gaining a little bit more, I guess,
after this pretty relentless sell-off
we've seen. Uh 2% gains for Samsung
here. SK Hynix is also up by 1 and 1/2
percent and Kioxia, the one in Tokyo
there, is also up and recovering here
today as well. We take a look at what it
comes to the Kospi intraday. It's
interesting, too, you given what we saw
with now that we turn positive. We
talked about how Samsung might be
lifting things up there, particular and
SK Hynix, of course.
And it's interesting, too, with this
Bank of America fund managers survey
that came out overnight. Now, I think it
was more than a majority of some of
these fund managers were still
overweight stocks,
which really, you know, to them to the
team, they're saying that is almost like
a sell signal when it comes to, you
know, very frothy parts of this market
and I think chips is part of that, too.
JGBs was doing this here right now. Of
course, we have that 20-year auction
coming up here later on today. So, the
demand picture is going to be
interesting to see. Right now, we are
seeing yields come off just a little bit
here for the 20-year 375 levels, the
30-year at 412 April.
>> Yeah, the 20-year is a bit of an awkward
duration, right? Why go there if you're
looking at secondary markets on the
super long and already giving you 4%
yield. So, you know, it could be a
really tricky session in terms of the
post-market after we get the results on
these JGBs for the 20-year after what
was already a really indigestion sort of
scenario we saw on the 30-year auction
just last week. We'll track that and
more on the shows. This is Bloomberg.
It's 11:29 a.m. in Tokyo. Japanese
markets going to break in a minute. And
when you look cross assets, I think this
is pretty much the picture of the
worries among investors on bonds, the
concerns, especially on the long end,
inflation. Is the BOJ behind the curve?
You're looking at the need as well to
keep the yen in its, you know, check, so
to speak. And you're looking at dollar
yen just sitting under the 159 handle
for the moment. Stocks are also against
the backdrop of pretty much a down day,
this midweek edition of the trading
week. We are seeing those declines,
although it's worth highlighting when
you look across the region that the chip
stocks in South Korea managed to reverse
some of those declines, and Chinese chip
stocks have also been rallying
pretty hard. And of course, this is a
time where perhaps risk appetite is
seeing a bit of recalibration given what
we're seeing in yields along with the
dollar bond.
>> Yeah, and you know, as we start to
track, right, where where this Treasury
sell-off is, particularly in the long
end, you'll start to see when it comes
to traders what they're pricing in, and
they're still adjusting here we all
about Fed rate hikes, right? I think
just a few days ago the pricing was
around March 2027. I think they pushed
that a bit forward now, and it's near
100% chance of a Fed hike by January of
next year. So, I here to talk a bit more
about inflation dynamics and the like,
let's bring in Alexis Crow, partner and
chief economist at PwC US. Alexis, it's
always great to have you here in the
region. We talk about long end Treasury
yields are now breaking into new highs
and and all that. You know, these
inflation fears are really coming out in
a big way. How concerned are you?
>> Well, thank you. I think really, Yvonne,
first of all, it's wonderful to be back
with you here, and markets are right to
be concerned about the rate of inflation
related to the energy price shock. And
so, what's happening in advanced
economies where we've seen yields, of
course, on the 30-year note in the US
hit almost a
20-year high, Japan on the 40-year note
record high, is that those are two
countries with record levels of
government debt. And so, in the advanced
economy world, you've got record piles
of government debt where governments
have really acted on a fiscal impulse to
step in and shield consumers and
companies from these price-related
shocks that we've had related to COVID,
going back to Russia's invasion of
Ukraine, and of course what we've seen
is governments really willing to step in
and shield consumers on that on that on
that price increase. In the case of
Japan, we actually saw inflation data
come down in March because of the extent
of the fiscal largess of the government
to be able to step in.
>> And I guess when when you start to see
more of this financial strain,
you know, should we expect further
upside in in in yields then? I mean, do
do you see that, you know,
what we're seeing is inflation
expectations, are they taking hold now,
you think?
>> Well, it's so interesting, right? When
we still look at Fed data in the US, uh
inflation expectations remain well
anchored for the long run. They've only
been rising significantly on the short
end. Um and so, I think when you start
to look at central bankers, what we're
watching in terms of statements are, you
know, monitoring every minute is the
extent to which consumers and companies
will start to bake this in. Um
I would say that you know
>> seeing demand destruction yet though
from it?
>> Well, it's interesting. One energy
executive recently said what we're
seeing is demand rationing.
>> Huh.
>> Uh which is just in response to the
calibration of of a shortage of supply.
Um so, we will come into the summer
driving season in the northern
hemisphere, uh which is typically skewed
toward higher oil demand. We are coming
into the summer cooling season in the
Middle East, which will be skewed toward
more nat gas demand as well as oil
demand. And so, as we come into the
season, like demand will just pick up.
>> Yeah.
>> Um and so, I think you've seen many
energy executives are actually concerned
at what price will demand just somehow
collapse.
>> Alexis,
do you think investors have to get used
to an era of persistently higher yields
overall, though?
>> Well, it's interesting. We haven't seen
that really be a sticky feature of
global, I would say of global capital
markets. So, when these yields have come
up, um what we've actually seen is some
fickle capital coming into, for example,
US notes or Japanese notes or even in
the UK for its own um country-specific
reasons because of the yields, right?
So, just that fickle flow of capital
will come in. We saw that in October
2023 when the yield on the US 10-year
hit 5%. You saw a rush out of real
estate and into uh fixed-income assets.
And so, what I think you'll see is on
the one hand, retail investors saying,
"Hey, I like these yields. I'm still
willing to lend to Japan and the United
States." On the I would say the more
patient capital and sticky capital end,
you'll probably see a rotation into real
estate, infrastructure, other real
assets because these are deemed to be a
hedge against inflation. So, I think
we're going to see those two levers
starting to emerge.
>> What about when it comes to, I mean, the
market's preoccupation with AI and
AI-related investments? How do you weave
that into
the investment thesis?
>> In the United States, as we know, that
is the single engine that's really
driving growth in the United States just
on on on GDP level at the percentage of
GDP that we're seeing in the tech
investment space, be it in software, be
it in hardware. Uh there's a new
development there, of course, with data
centers in contrast with previous uh
technology booms. So, that really is the
single engine that's driving growth and
of course, the wealth effect uh from the
Mag Seven, uh record number of
households invested in the US. And so,
uh many are focused on this as being
insulated from any kind of policy
shifts. Um of Of you haven't really seen
hard credit conditions. Credit
conditions have been pretty easeful that
have precipitated a lot of this lending.
So, of course, with the prospect of a
hike on the table by the Fed toward the
end of the year, I think many will be
concerned.
>> You mentioned about the reaction
functions of central banks. I don't
think rate hikes are going to revive
energy flows in the straight of hormones
anytime soon. Do you Do you think rate
hikes are the appropriate sort of
response to all this?
>> Well, it's interesting cuz you had
Christine Lagarde in the ECB actually
saying that
cautioning governments that their
response on the fiscal side needed to be
tailored, targeted, and temporary.
Because if you stoke demand too much at
a high price environment, you will need
to come in with hikes. So, I think
that's certainly one concern. I would
say on the other side
what people don't talk about We talk
about inflation, but we don't talk about
asset price inflation.
And if you had a scenario, which we did
in Europe, where central banks were
easing, if you had the same situation in
India, now all of a sudden you have to
reverse course. You have to think about
what's going to happen to asset prices
with that sudden shift. So, I think
that's something that's probably
underpriced by investors.
>> It's interesting also because I think in
China, you almost see a bit of a reverse
of that so-called wealth effect, right?
What is your, I guess, you know,
strongest
conviction when it comes to
what this means for the Chinese economy?
>> Well, thanks so much, April. So, I when
we look at the Chinese consumer, I would
say the Chinese consumer is of course
becoming much more selective, and you
see that with some of the investments of
European luxury companies in the way
that they're catering toward the
consumer. But you just have a
drastically, as you highlight the wealth
effect, we have just a drastically
different situation in mainland China
than we do in the United States. So,
there is a culture of fiscal rectitude
by households that's just embedded in
the Chinese society. You have a
household savings rate of 36%. it's
hovered there
whereas you have 3.6% in the United
States. So it's just a very different
level. So when you look at the policy
lens of trying to shift GDP growth away
from exports and toward consumption,
there's just probably a going to be a
glass ceiling as to how far that that
will actually go. The other thing to
point out of course is just the
composition of household assets in terms
of wealth that would underpin that
wealth effect. So in the United States
that's overwhelmingly skewed toward
financial assets and 401(k)s. Of course
in China and other advanced economies
looking to Europe as well that's skewed
more toward real assets and particularly
residential property. And so of course
where we've been in the property market
that will just continue to create a
structural drag on that effect. The
other thing to think about just in terms
of growth is that Shanghai Composite
Index was one of the best performing
financial markets last year. So the
extent to which households will be more
invested in financial assets can create
a little bit more of an uplift.
>> Yes, and you mentioned about this
rebalancing of the economy that we
haven't quite seen just yet and then you
said there's a glass ceiling. And the
focus is on advanced manufacturing right
now and then building this whole
resilience in in China's supply chains.
You know, can that be the pillar of
growth for China here to offset what's
happening domestically especially what
you're seeing with this whole AI boom
and and really AI related exports to the
rest of the world?
>> Well, it's interesting Yvonne cuz I know
we've talked over the years the extent
to which China really is an aggregator
of regional trade surpluses, right? So
if you think about Korea and Japan,
other countries sending inputs to China
that then go into whatever kind of a
smartphone or whatever kind of a laptop
and China really excels at that as no
other country does in the world. What's
what we've started to see recently is
there's been an evident prowess of
China's ability to diversify its exports
away from the United States which again
is very sensitive to that AI boom, and
more toward intra-Asian trade, more
toward European countries. One of the
things that I think is important just in
the wake of this conflict with Iran is
the extent to which other countries are
becoming ever more interdependent with
China. So, Japanese companies for the
first time starting to import
polystyrene naphtha from China. You're
seeing this on the clean tech side where
again China excels in clean tech and
accelerating the BEV
scenario for different countries. And
you're actually seeing this of course in
even currency swaps which have hit that
two-year high.
>> Alexis, I wish we had more time, but
thanks so much for joining us here
during your trip to Asia. Alexis Crow
there, partner and chief economist at
PwC US. April, you have some news on
Samsung.
>> Yep. Breaking news crossing the
terminal, Yonhap reporting that the
union Samsung union will go on strike
tomorrow and this is as planned and it
sounds like that talks with the labor
union between that and management have
sort of broken down. So, this is really
raising those concerns about where this
leaves Samsung in terms of the supply of
chips and the push towards building the
next generation of semiconductors. Of
course, this is something that's left
the markets on tenterhooks for the past
week or so. So, a lot of the reaction
might have already been priced into the
chip stock. We are seeing though that
turn back down on the Cosby against this
backdrop. Maybe also a bit of a
read-through when it comes to the Korean
war because it has paired
some of those earlier reversals. And of
course, this is coming at the time where
there's been this two-speed economy
that's emerged in South Korea. It's
really the crux of this on how that
gains from AI can be sort of
redistributed. You're seeing of course,
this is a pillar for the South Korean
economy.
And those considerations, I guess,
playing out across assets in markets in
South Korea for the moment, Ivon.
>> Yeah, you know, it's interesting to see
the whipsaw we're seeing across the
KOSPI now. We were talking about how it
would just just moments ago reverse some
of the losses, and now it's Samsung that
has dragged this KOSPI now to continue
to slide here today.
You know, I'm I'm looking at the Mlive
blog, and Mark Cranfield says that this
this could look like a last-minute
bargaining chip, and doesn't confirm
there will be a strike. So, maybe it's
not quite confirmed yet, but if there
is, Mark said it will get ugly for
Samsung, for the KOSPI, as switching
chip making back online is not as simple
as flipping a switch. So, yes, the
production concerns, given the fact that
we already see bottlenecks in this
market, is going to be continuing to
weigh on investors' minds here, as we
once again, you know, wait for some sort
of clarity here on really if there
really is going to be a strike tomorrow.
This could be pretty interesting for
your Thursday.
In the meantime, we're we're watching,
of course, other moves across these
markets, and EMFX certainly is front and
center. The rupiah, we're checking that
here ahead of this BI decision, where it
looks to be live, and a rate hike could
be in play, according to some
investors out there here, just given, of
course, what we have seen with the
rupiah plummeting to new lows, you know,
the central bank needs to act in some
way. Now, that global bond sell-off is
also putting pressure on Asia's most
vulnerable economies, forcing central
banks to tighten even as the Iran oil
shock hits growth. Let's bring in our
Asia-Pacific economic reporter, Swati
Pandey. She joins us with more on the
story. Tell us a bit more about the Asia
impact from this global bond route, and
which countries are are looking a bit
more vulnerable now?
>> So, Ivon, what happened is we've seen a
big global bond sell-off, which has sent
US Treasury yields to the highest level
since 2007.
And what that has done is made
investments in emerging Asia less
attractive. And as a result, people are
moving money out of Asia to those
countries like the US. And
as a result, the currencies in emerging
markets have been on a free fall.
Largely, this is all been driven by the
war in Iran and the energy price shock.
The countries that are the most
vulnerable
Philippines, which is a huge oil
importer,
Indonesia, which is seeing a free fall
in its rupiah, and India, which is the
worst performing currency. The Indian
rupee is the worst performing currency
in Asia
this year so far.
>> Yeah, Swati, we've been seeing already
these EM effects. They've been coming
under pressure even before the most
recent bond rally we've been seeing in
the past week or so. What are the
implications for the bond reactions for
these countries specifically?
>> Yes,
we have been seeing these countries have
been under pressure. Having said that,
the macroeconomic outlook was not so bad
for Indonesia and India in particular
before the war started. Their growth and
inflation outlook were quite benign for
that matter. So, this is coming
this shock has come
at at not a very good time for them. And
the policy implications largely is that
today we will see Bank Indonesia
probably raise interest rates.
There are also talks that they will
announce some sort of commodity export
controls today.
That would the announcement would come
from the government. Uh, they are also
already they have already announced
increasing, um, long-term bond buybacks.
Uh, this is all from Indonesia. India is
largely doing currency interventions at
the moment and has announced some
administrative, uh, changes such as
higher, uh, import taxes for gold and
silver and there are some other trade
restrictions. Uh, some, uh, there are
some chatter in the market and there was
a report from Citibank, uh, about
potential capital control, uh, which
would be huge if it happens. India has
so far not said anything directly about
capital controls. It is a bit of a
sensitive issue, uh,
because it does hurt investor sentiment
if it happens. Uh, but, uh, given how,
uh,
dire the situation is, uh, there could
be further actions from these countries.
>> Swati, thank you. Swati Kothari there,
our Asia Pacific economy reporter. Uh,
just want to get back to our breaking
news now when it came to Samsung. So,
we're getting a little bit more clarity
now. The Samsung union speaking and says
it will go on a general strike as
planned for tomorrow. So, you are seeing
when it comes to Samsung shares, there
you go, dramatic sort of drop here and
it really is bringing down the Kospi
here resuming its decline. Uh, this is
what the union had told reporters that
the union remains willing though to
engage in talks during this strike, but
what came out of that another round of
negotiations was that management,
Samsung management, rejected the
mediation proposal. So, what was
discussed was that the union demanding
that basically Samsung scrap an existing
bonus cap and really allocating that 15%
of its operating profit to worker
bonuses and formalize those terms in
employment contracts as of course the
company benefits from this whole AI
boom. So, once again, uh, we continue to
see here that it looks like it's
confirmed that Samsung those that union
will go on strike tomorrow. Obviously,
leading to some disruption concerns
across this market here today. Well,
plenty more ahead on what this means for
the global technology supply chain. This
is Bloomberg.
>> So, the story this hour as we've been
bringing you the latest has really been
how the talks between Samsung's largest
labor union and management have broken
down. Local media reporting, of course,
earlier that the strike will go on and
we've also since I think gotten some
confirmation and clarity from the labor
union of how this strike will indeed
transpire. The concerns here really are
how it might affect chip production at
the time where AI investments have
really been front and center. And, of
course, tomorrow if the strike goes on
as planned, it'll be interesting to see
the read-through from earnings as it'll
coincide with what we see in Asia
markets post-Nvidia.
Of course, now you are seeing the Kospi
which at one point in the session
managed to reverse clock slight gains.
You're looking at it uh just around
those session lows for the moment. Of
course, the other big thing that we've
been tracking has been the Russian
president visiting Beijing and he's
since arrived and aiming to reinforce
ties with the Chinese side. Let's get to
our colleague who's been tracking all
this, of course, our chief North Asia
correspondent, Steven Engle, joins us
from Beijing. So, Steven, you've been
telling us about what to expect in terms
of Power of Siberia 2. Is there anything
that we should be watching out for that
we've learned in the past day or so from
either side?
>> Well, I think the fact that he's
bringing quite a large entourage with
him. I think it's eight ministers,
five deputy prime ministers, the Central
Bank governor, and heads of large
corporations. We understand the heads of
Gazprom will be here as well. Of course,
Vladimir Putin would like to see the
ball moved forward down the field on the
Power of Siberia 2 gas pipeline that
would It's been long proposed, and I
think last year the two nations came to
in concept agreement, right? Now,
they're kind of stuck on the
negotiations for the length of contract
and the commitment from China on how
much gas that they will actually buy
from Russia through that Power of
Siberia 2 pipeline.
But again, the Chinese want the best
deal possible, right? So, I guess the
leverage that Vladimir Putin now has is
the war in Iran has driven up oil
prices, and essentially most nations are
looking for energy resilience. So, maybe
he's going to be playing that card on
the table. But keep in mind as well, the
Chinese have their leverage as well
because this is a powerful relationship,
but you know, sort of a counterweight to
the influence of the West. But this is a
pretty much a one-way relationship right
now. The It's a you know, they're
discussing pipeline, but let's face it,
China is pretty much a large lifeline to
the Russian economy. And it after
four years of war in Ukraine, the
economy in Russia is feeling the strain.
So, there could be a number of different
commercial deals announced with all
those business leaders and ministers
going to be here are here with Vladimir
Putin in the Great Hall of the People
today.
>> Yeah, energy remains really the backbone
of this relationship, really, Steve, as
you highlighted. That was our chief
North Asia correspondent, Stephen Engle,
joining us out of Beijing. You're
looking at those live pictures outside
the Great Hall of the People here where
you see the military waiting to greet
the Russian President Vladimir Putin
just moments away. Just days, of course,
President Trump stepping foot there, as
well. We have plenty more ahead. This is
Bloomberg.
We're continuing to follow the breaking
news out of Samsung here this morning,
and according to local media, we are
getting the Samsung perspective of all
this and why we saw these negotiations
break down. According to the company,
they said it was the union's excessive
demands to undermine the principle. So,
that continues to show that the two
sides are still quite far apart, and
from the union head and what we he told
reporters in the last couple moments is
that this strike will go on as planned
starting tomorrow. But, they are still
remains willing to engage in those talks
during that strike. But, then again,
there's going to be a lot of
implications for global supply chains
out there and really the potential
disruptions if this strike goes on for
some time. We'll bring you back to those
live pictures out of Beijing outside the
Great Hall of the People where we are
expecting the Russian President Vladimir
Putin to arrive there and to meet with
the Chinese President Xi Jinping here
just days, of course, as President Xi
was at that very spot and shaking hands
with President Trump. Of course, a lot
is on the line when it comes to this
bilateral trade relationship, which, you
know, in Beijing's perspective has been
largely transactional, but energy, that
gas pipeline of the Power of Siberia 2,
very much going to be on the agenda
today. Plenty more to come from Insight
with Haslinda Amin.